week 1
The team was established and given a name. Each member's field of specialization was recorded,
and Uguudei was selected as the Scrum Master. We determined our top three project choices and 
communicated them to our instructor. Uguudei then set up a Jira Site for the group. We arranged 
asynchronous stand-ups for the end of the week and planned a meeting for the upcoming Monday.

week2
Design the looking of the website and writing the use stories and decide the language we want to 
use to implement the frontend(react) and backend(Flask). Also decide how to write the database.
Have meeting third a week.

week3
Held a session with the product client and compiled the discussion points into a document. Focused
on creating the Entity-Relationship (ER) diagram for the database. In Monday's gathering, roles were
distributed among team members. Updates were made to the software architecture diagram. Started drafting 
responses for part C of the proposal. Reconvened on Wednesday to talk about a revised version of the 
trade system, inspired by Steam's trading mechanism. Contributed to modifying the storyboard to reflect
these changes. Employed user stories from our lectures as a basis to reformulate all our user stories.

week4 
i write the homepage and landing page for the website and test the api for frontend and also search some 
good images for UI Design

week5
start doing campaign page and use the same formate as the wantlist and collections, just put the collectibles
in this page, but after discussion, Uguudei thought we should put the start and end date time in it, so i
update the frontend campaign page and also add the timer at the top of the page, so you can check the exact 
time before it ends

week 6
keep doing the homepage and add a photo slider here, and make it clickable which can be navigated to the campaign
page

week7 
doing the search function and api function, the search function can return stuffs if you search for the collectible 
names. And divide the campaign with 3 group which are "past" "current" and "future".