Week 1

Group formed and named. Made note of member’s area of expertise and chose a
scrum master (Uguudei). Decided on top 3 project preferences and sent them to
the tutor. Scrum master created Jira Site. Scheduled async stand-ups for end of
week, and a meeting on Monday.

Week 2

Cancelled meeting on Monday because we didn't get the project preference back
yet. Received project confirmation on Tuesday (p20). Group discussed project
during our Friday lab. Wrote down all functionality we want for collectors,
and decided on tasks for our first sprint and MVP. Decided on the product lead
(me). Greg joined our group. Assigned tasks to everyone to be done by our next
meeting on Monday. Team leads of p20 set up a QA session with the product owner
for Monday 6pm.

Week 3

Had the meeting with product client. Summarised the meeting discussion into a
document. Worked on ER diagram for database. Everyone was assigned roles in
Monday's meeting. Made changes to the software architecture diagram. Began
writing answers to part C of the proposal. Met again on Wednesday. Discussed a
new implementation of the trade system, modelled after Steam's trading system.
Helped in making changes to the storyboard to accomodate these changes. Used
user stories from lectures to rewrite all our user stories.


Week 4

Had a meeting on Monday discussing the division of work and the structure of our
user stories. Made a start on making the database persistent, and learnt how our
backend would function.

Week 5

To ensure that everyone's environments were consistent, Uguudei set up Docker, 
and had it up and running for that week. This way we could ensure our code ran
correctly on every system. I worked on making a persistent database, and pushed 
the working code through. Also wrote the backend functions dealing with the 
registration/login of users. Made it so that even if the Docker environment was 
closed and reopened, the details of the user would persist. Created backend 
function to edit user information. We also had our project demo that week, where
we were able to show that our frontend and backend were connected, even though 
not much functionality was implemented. After the demo, we planned how our 
second sprint would look, and the tasks we wished to cover.

Week 6

Discussed the integration of a token verification system with the group, as well
as a status update where everyone was at. Finished insert functionality for 
wantlist, and inserting collectible/campaign. Had a meeting to assign everyone 
tasks, and set hard deadlines. I began working on implementing the search 
function. Cleaned up some messy code for collectibles/collectors and 
successfully implemented the backend for the search function. Had progress 
meeting that Wednesday.

Week 7

Began working on the function to find campaigns in a certain period. Had another
meeting that Wednesday discussing progress blockers and issues found while 
coding (such as undocumented confusing code). Another progress update here as 
well. Finished working on returning campaigns in a certain period, and began 
working on the functions dealing with wantlist. Ran into a progress blocker with
unclear database structure (campaign collectibles). Wrote code for that 
structure, then had to refactor because the changes were rolled back. Finished 
off the wantlist functions, including get, insert, and remove, and ensured that 
they were all consistent with the frontend's expectations. Added a helper 
function that converted a certain column type to string (in line with frontend's
expectations). Missed a meeting during the week, but I ensured my group was
updated on my progress, and I clearly communicated what I was doing, and was 
open to being assigned tasks.

Week 8
I made a start on the trade functions, while also fixing some buys and formatting
I spotted in the code. Made a start on creating trade posts for certain collectibles
as well as inserting new table definitions for these functions. Had meetings
discussing the format of trade offers/posts, and worked closely with Stella
to determine how the frontend might look, so I could fit the backend into that.
Talked a little bit about our presentation for week 10, and some submission questions.

Week 9
We had a meeting on Monday just to discuss where we were at with our project,
and have a clear image of what was done, and what needed to be done. We talked about
sprint 2 fixups, and missing functionality. During that week I personally worked on
the offer system, such as the trade_post_images, and various other trade_post functions
such as get, insert, remove and find. I also fixed up API calls and replaced stubs
to call actual functioning code.

Week 10
Finally finished off the trade_post and trade_offer functionality, with accomodating
helper functions and new database definitions (800 lines of code). After that
I also implemented the exchange history functionality, and ensured that it was working
both on the frontend and backend. Had a meeting with the group discussing the
demo structure and how we were going to cover functionality. I wrote up a plan for that.
I also made the demo presentation slides that we used. At the end of the week I added
the social media function to our system, and also functions for analytics. Added the
necessary API routes and correct function calling, and ensured it was all working.
Worked on formatting the backend, removing unused code, adding docstrings, fixing formatting,
and other formatting changes.