Stella Zhang

Week 1:
Formed group and selected roles. Exchanged contacts. Created Jira site. Discussed skills and decided on top 3 topics for project proposal.
Worked out availabilites and set up async meetings and in person meetups. Set up document format for project proposal.

Week 2:
Worked out project specifications from user perspective. Began writing user stories. Allocated proposal parts to all members.
Began working on user stories for proposal. Decided concrete dates for meetings. Made soft deadlines for proposal components.

Week 3:
Wrote background and worked on writing user stories for proposal. Had meeting, discussed client meeting and proposal.
Wrote novel functionality section for proposal. Had meeting working out project functionality and translating to storyboards.
Worked on creating storyboards.

Week 4:
Had meeting on Monday discussing divison of work from backlog and user stories created on Jira. Assigned signin/registration page for frontend.
Started work for setting up react files and creating sign in and register page for the frontend.
Created frontend api routes for pages present. Finished format for sign in and register page.

Week 5:
Had docker set up for project environment to create consistency for the frontend and backend. Had backend set up by other members, tested
connection to frontend via routes. Created stubs for dashboard and home page (assigned to Simon) and created navbars that are different if user
is signed in or not. Created dropdown menu for pages in navbar, links to profile, lists, offers and sign out. Most links are stubs for now, to be
implemented in later sprints. Created frontend UI for collection and want list so that it can display collectibles in a table format from stub data.
Had demo A on friday, and retrospective during lab time. Started and completed retrospective A report, and Dylan sent in demo video to client.
Assigned tasks on jira for sprint 2, given user stories to complete collection and wantlist once backend routes established and error checking for frontend.

Week 6:
Had meeting to clarify token system and search mechanics, enforced hard deadlines (next Sunday) for jira tasks, assigned error checking and wantlist/collection list.
Started working on error checking for sign in and register pages, created alert popups. Worked on adjusting dates in wantlist/collection to accept 'DD/MM/YYYY' format.
Finished error checking for sign in/register and implementing dates including filtering by date using a date picker. Had status update meeting on Friday.

Week 7:
Had meeting on Wednesday, discussing doing error checking for later sprints, writing stub APIs to return results from backend to frontend and having clearer
documentation for what api routes return. Started work on sell/trade page and implementing stepper to guide user through progress. Finished working on sell/trade page
not including uploading image functionality.

Week 8:
Had meeting on Monday, discussed offers and trading and how the functionality translates to frontend and backend. Started work on offerlist and stub api and finished.
Added new routes in line for offerlist and trade posting. Finished creating a buy/trade list for when a user clicks on buy button on the collectible page. Also 
started work on trade post page and finished, which is the page a user is taken to when they click on a result from the buy/trade list. Tying in functionality from
backend to the frontend for demo. 

Week 9:
After retrospective for demo, had meeting about assigning the parts left in our backlog, fixes from sprint 2 and things due in future. Assigned fixing up API routes and frontend,
worked on making UI and visuals larger as per feedback, adding username to the signed in nav bar, connecting API calls from frontend to backend, fixes to sell page and updating UI. 
In particular, fixed Sell Page UI to feature correct uploading, and displaying images and feedback based on what the user inputted and added similar feedback to the offer modal. 

Week 10:
Updated profile route and added profile avatars so that when a user clicks on a profile image, it takes them to their profile page. Also updated collectible images so that when
clicked, takes user to the collectible page. Worked on making lists more concise by merging name and image as one component. Also assigned the functionalities portion of the project report.