Uguudei Amarbayasgalan - z5364679

Week 1

Our group was formed, and we named ourselves DUSM. I was selected 
as Scrum Master for our group. As a group, we discussed what areas
we're most comfortable with and what our main strengths are. From 
this we chose three projects and ordered them from the most preferable 
to least preferable to send to as our project preference. After
the lab was finished, I set up our Jira Site and finished the set-up
process as outlined by the documentation given on Moodle.


Week 2

We were notified that our project choice was ratified. From here
as a group we decided to brainstorm some ideas on our own and discuss
what to do from the lab. Greg was added to our group. We decided on 
using React for our frontend, Python for our backend with Flask, and 
PostgreSQL for our DB. Dyllanson was selected to be our Product Owner.

We started outlining what our end product could look like, what the 
stakeholders would want out of it and how to model the system as a 
whole. Started work on writing user stories and diagrams for our system.


Week 3

This week, we finished up our project proposal. We finilized our user
stories and overall story board for the UI layout of our web application.
Our stand-ups and meetings consisted of discussing the design and system
architecture of the web application. From this, we decided who would 
work on what component. At the beginning period of the development, I 
would be working on the front-end side of the project as the beginning 
will be front-end heavy.

Week 4

This week, I set about establishing the profile page. We also had discussions
on how each component should interact with one another. I had setup a baseline
file structure for the backend. I then went about producing the profile page of 
our web application.


Week 5

This week, we presented our first demo. There were some issues with getting
everything to working order but that can be considered a part of the first 
sprint and organising and seeing what we can achieve within a given sprint.
By the time of the demo, we had a working backend, database and frontend.
All these components were able to communicate with one another and work 
as intended. The work I did this week involved setting up a docker environment
for our backend and database so that everyone can have the same running environment
while in development. And getting the connection of our backend API working with the 
frontend.


Week 6

This week, I re-organised the file structure of the backend to separate the 
responsibilities of each component. I worked on the profile page and updating
the profile information. Throughout the week, we held multiple stand-ups 
to establish that we were following the tasks outlined in 'To Try' list.
I was responsible for checking everything was going as intended, who worked on
what and how they're going along in their work.


Week 7

This week, I finished off the profile page and started work on the exchange
history page. Me and Stella also discussed how we were to implement the 
trading functionality within our system. I also adjusted the method of 
implementation and communication between our frontend and backend where
the frontend develeoper would write a stub data of what the backend API 
should return. This way, we were able to test the frontend code without 
waiting for the backend and the backend had a clear definitive method 
of knowing what the structure of the return should be. Other than the above
I've spent the week looking over and reviewing PRs of other members in the 
team.


Week 8

This week we finished off the main content for Sprint 2. I finished off the 
exchange history page and did some implementation for trade offers and trade 
posts. I also created the manager home page and after talking with Greg, we
figured out how to handle account privileges for Admins and Managers. I 
then produced the pages for posting campaigns, viewing campaign analytics and
viewing collector feedback for campaigns.


Week 9

As scrum master, I re-adjusted our sprint 3 backlog to adapt to the changing
requirements and other alterations that came about from the development process
and understanding with the client. I also communicated with the team on what 
we need to complete in the final sprint and some issues with the web application
that needed addressing from the last 2 sprints. During the week, I started work 
on the Admin pages and re-adjusted our method for handling user privileges and 
connecting them to the correct admin page. I worked out on what the Admin should 
be able to see and what functionality they required.

I divided up work for the team, assigning each member set tasks. I fixed the 
search functionality in our frontend.